
\ --------------------------------------------
\ http://smokersguide.com/sg/smokersguide.html
\ --------------------------------------------

White Widow
-----------
ORIGIN:      This Indica/sativa hybrid was developed for its sweet fruity taste
             and glistening crystal appearance

DESCRIPTION: The White Widow has tightly clustered yellowish-green buds, which
             appear swollen and covered with a fine fuzzy crystaline resin.


COMMENTS:    These buds have a slight eucalyptus taste when you inhale, and a
             sharp icyness when you exhale.


Look: They should call this the Emperor's Crown! Honestly, I can picture
Julius Caesar wearing a wreath of this around his head. A very royal looking
bud. Solid graceful curves and a full body. Tiny clustered nugs clinging
together. Yellowish-green, extremely fuzzy, very crystal covered and swollen.
Smell: Fruity and really sweet. Much like a chemical lemonade.
Taste: A bit eucalyptus with a certain sharp icyness on the exhale. I added a
fresh squeezed OJ to my system for a perfect blend of sweet and mint.
Effects: Super stoney. Time slows you down. You feel like it takes forever to
speak a sentence. 70's slow motion style. Hey, i'm my own jive ass action
figure!
Overall: Oh yes, this is great. The slow-mo thing can turn a Sunday afternoon
into a full daze experience! My mate kept yellin' at me to hurry up and I kept
talking to some Bulgarian tourists; we were 5 minutes into the convo before I
realised they didn't speak english! All I could do was point to my joint and
smile! Universal....


Star Warz
---------

ORIGIN:      This seed is a cross between the Sensi Star and Warlock hybrids
DESCRIPTION:
COMMENTS:


Origin: Sensi Star crossed with Warlock
Look: From the start, this appears as a cartoon-like, eerie and mystifying
computer rendering. TOO perfect! Incredibly healthy plant with medium sized
leaves left unclipped to shield the sweet centre. This is funny because the
Coverage Leaves are as equally resin covered as the interior portions.
Generally darker green & a yellowish "glow" created by massive amounts of
crystals. Extremely dense with nestled clusters built 'round tiny stems.
Smell: Sweet yet spicy. As you open the bag a waft of sweet-come-earthy smell
rises followed closely by a fresh pine.
Taste: A truly overwhelming pine flav. With a cool intake/exhale it's like
smoking pure crystals, or trichomes. Excellent taste lingers in the throat and
nasal area. Nature's gifts combined with (wo)man's horti-talents yield near
perfection!
Effects: Seriously Half Hit Shit! I think the "force was with me" before I
even put down the vapo-tool! Ya, for real, a swimming dizzy high. Your body is
immersed in some sort of heavy liquid and you are forced to deal with it...
Quite a trip; I started outta me head with a wake & bake Saturday 10:30 am and
stayed very stoned until 2:30 pm. 4 hours is considerably longer than i'm used
to! This stuff is SO strong it kinda makes ya not wanna get baked for awhile....
Overall: Strangely, no hint of dry-mouth for such a physically heavy weed. My
body felt like it was on a new soft drug! The epitomy of the "bests" in the
canna-world: Great genes, great taste, great fx, and finally great marketing
with a name like this, it's sure to be remembered! An early BushDoc
prediction: Look for this to be a judge favourite. "Big-ups" to have the
pre-release, but now I need some more of this; they've been hiding it away
until the Cup!


Himilayan Gold
--------------
Origin: K2 based strain with Afgan-White Widow hybrids. Bio, baby!
Look: Extremely dense. Cone shaped buds resembling well trimmed hedges. Dark,
reddish hairs. Crystal covered. Medium dark green leaves. Perfectly manicured!
Smell: Sweet and menthol-minty. I was expecting more of the rich scent
considering the K2 origin but this never really surfaced. A very strong scent
permeates the room even when kept in the bag.
Taste: Leaves an "icy film" on the back of the throat after a long drag in the
vapouriser. Surprisingly this was a bit harsh for a Bio. A can of Xi ginseng
went perfectly with this tingle weed. The flava of this fine weed still came
through strong and sharp after 20 minutes!
Effects: The high is bumbly-stumbly; I talked a wee bit of jibberish with my
neighbour, then proceeded to miss the last two steps of the stairs between our
houses trying to make it down! Plesantly stoned with a very relaxing
heavy-eyed, slo-mo visual effect that had my body ignoring my mind and making
it's own plans...
Overall: A very beautiful and solid smoke. Super consistent in flava, smell
and appearance. A unique and well named breed: You can imagine cruising the
top-o-the world with a clean, crisp, icy-tasting mountain HIGH.


Snowflake
---------
Origin: Afghan-Sativa Hybrid
Look: THC "Snow" covers dense lime green buds with a few darker broad leaves.
Smell: Minty-metallic scent. Breaks open to a juicy fruit.
Taste: Smoked with a dry Sauvignon Blanc, and Cannelloni pasta. Delicioso!
Effects: Snowflake hit me like an avalanche; quickly and completely buried.
Overall: Look forward to enjoying Snowflake's "mountain high" while i shred
powder in the Alps this winter!


El Guapo Special
----------------
Origin: Sativa/PP cross. Bio.
Look: Quite swollen with long light brown /orange hairs. Breaks up real softly
in an odd way; have you ever felt the dead and slightly dried body of a moth
or bee? Weird, but that's what you get when you break this up...
Smell: A bit wheat scented. A tinge of sweetness but real subtle. Nothing
devine here, it could be like any number of herbs based on scent alone.
Taste: This is nice particularly in long pipe or joint. It burns smooth and
with not so much resin build-up. The flav is a bit floral with sweetness that
follows. Quite nice as I enjoyed it with a Vin Blanc and some Thai Fish
Cookies. Sweet as!
Effects: Damn, this stuff is visual. You know I have to light, then write but
my words are now faster than I can get 'em to paper. A heavy feelin' sweeps de
backside of my eyes and moves down to the underside of my neck. Like a large,
dull stone it rests on my neck as if it's attached under the skin. This is
some scary Marilyn Manson or Aphex Twin shit. I feel as if the world can see
this stone lodged under me skin; AAAAHHH!!!!
Overall: Well seeing as I made it through that stoney-strange trip with a bit
o' body-dead paranoia, I would really only recommend this to veteran smokers.
It's a Sativa mainly but it exhibits darker PP sides as well and that should
be accounted for. Overall a top-notch bud and one that I hope will get some
recognition by judges later this month...



Ice
---
Origin: Mainly Indica Bio
Look: Very densely packed and crystal covered with very few hairs. The white
dusting looks deadly! Thin stems, almost pure smoke material in these powdery
nuggets.
Smell: Fresh and sweet when broken. A 'lil' musty smelling but not because of
too much moisture causing this; it was a natural result that I liken to Kitten
Piss. It's not quite as strong as a full-grown cat's urine but more like a
lil' kitty's! (I realise this is more than you prolly needed but I go all the
way with my descriptions!)
Taste: The flav was certainly Indica. Like a rich and deep earthy-coffee
undertaste. It made my throat tickle a bit and left a dry and stable essence
behind. Ultimately it ended with some serious cotton-mouth that was handled
swiftly with some Austrailian Pistachio Ice Cream; the nutty flav was "on hit"
with the rich Indy-tastin' Ice weed... nice combo of Ice's!
Effects: VERY strong high; another Shutter-Buggin' high! My eyelids kept
shutting; blink, blink, blink.... After a 50 minute trippy visual high, it
shifts into a dopey body high that made me non-motivated! My body felt like it
was on a trip alright, post-session made me feel like loungin' and resting!
Overall: This stuff was one of the most body-potent i've smoked in awhile. It
manifested certain "up" qualities at first, then it shifted into a heavy trip!
This makes a perfect match for a quiet Friday night around the house watchin
movies and forgettin' about the prior week!


Grey Mist
---------
Origin: PP & Shiva hybrid. (The GA always has some cool sounding mixes, eh?)
Look: Medium light-green. Extremely "fuzzy" and crystal covered super-dense
yet well-cured nuggets. Very few hairs clustered and tucked under caps. Well
manicured as well and easy to break up.
Smell: It breaks into a minty-chemical. A light fresh "oat" scent, but not TOO
green. This has a scent that telegraphs its potency. You already know it's
gonna be nice...
Taste: Simultaneously sweet and spicy. Light vanilla flava with leathery
undertones. The aftertaste hovers around your upper throat. It's an almost
hot-spicy flav, proudly displaying its shiva heritage. I took a vapo-hit before
cooking some calamari rings over a sweet japanese
salad; a perfect combo with the Mist flava. One o' my best cannaculinary combos!
Effects: A spacy, light-headed high. VERY visual, with mild tracer light FX.
The high hits rather immediately and lasts at a solid plateau for a good hour
and a half before lowering you back slowly. No crashdown's here.
Overall: Great gear; a fine all'round package; great flav, smooth smokin' and
a damn-near flashback high. It had me remembering younger BushDoc daze, ridin'
my skateboard around town; stoned outta my skull and laughing like a fool.
Jesus, not much has changed in 10 years!



SuperSilver Haze
----------------
Origin: Sativa, Hydro. (I think this became "super" because it was crossed
with a Super Skunk somewhere in its past, but I am not sure.)
Look: Fresh although well cured and manicured. Very dense, with extremely
"furry" medium dark green leaves. (Darker than most Hazes i've seen.) Orange
hairs peek out from between resinous nuggets. It's freshness begs for a pipe
hit versus the standard joint.
Smell: Fresh, sweet, floral, and a bit of a spicy-mint. When broken up at
arm's length, the scent that "wafts" toward you is almost coffee-like!
Taste: Seriously sharp and strong; heavy with a sugary sweets flava. I had a
vanilla soft ice after I smoked a pure spliff; a perfect combo that had me
licking my lips.
Effects: The effects were quite body strong and a bit dopey for a Haze. The
standard "up" feeling from Haze is achieved but there is also a strong zombie
element going on as well. This is one of those highs I call Schizo-trippin
because it really is unclear which direction you are going in; giggly to couch
potato and back again, all within the space of 15 minutes!
Overall: I really liked this sample for an overall high. Confusing, yet very
enjoyable crazy ride. The flava was very deep and complex. It exhibited traits
that I wasn't expecting, but this made for a pleasant surprise. I'd use this
for more of a night of chilling out, chatting with your partner...



Siberian Tiger
--------------
Origin: White Widow crossed with ???
Look: Medium dark green (made lighter with a heavy coating of yellow/orange
crystals) with tiny clumps of orange hairs. Serious grapes o' wrath stylee:
Tiny "bulbs" hiding the goodies within. Simply beautiful looking!
Smell: It breaks fruity, with a bit of citral-menthol. Like a candy mint with
a background of rich earthy grounds.
Taste: Coffee-like and rich. I call it "Java C" flavour. This herb lingers
with you. Starts with a wee menthol flav; moves to the more rich coffee bean,
and follows with a small amount of sweet paprika. Several fine combinations of
taste.
Effects: Wow, Widowtje! This shit gets me tweaked out! It's really like
tripping mildly. Visually strong with a "clumsy" effect on the body at the same
time. The intensity of the high isn't really relaxing, it's more of a rush! The
high lasts for over two hours. (This is incredibly long for a heavy toker like
the BushDoc) Not too drained after the ride either...
Overall: I really had problems breaking up (destroying) this wonder of man and
nature. The grow time/maturity, manicure and cure processes were as spot-on as
it gets. One of the finest I've seen in 2001 in this category. (I need to grab
a bit more for personal.) My advice is to pick up some more before the Tiger
goes extinct!



Double Bubble
-------------
Origin: Mainly Indica (I'll have to ask if this was crossed with a Kush
still...)
Look: Darker green with a white dusting. Tiny leaves with an occasional
broader protective leaf. Long orange hairs clustered within. Very dense and not
easy to break up.
Smell: Not too strong; this stuff doesn't exactly stink up the room (or your
pocket for that matter!). When you shove it up your nostril (Don't try this at
home; it's a Bushdoc trick!) traces of a very lovely fruity scent is found.
When broken apart this scent is released further.
Taste: Rather bland for the GA, with the faintest hint of fruit when
vapourised. So, I burned it in a J to unlock the flavour; this was a better
call...
Effects: After the taste letdown, the high more than made up for it! My God
(she can't help me now) I was tweaked from this gear. Really almost "fryin" for
about an 90 minutes, then lightly dropped off not too sleepy. Nice one... It
just goes to show ya that flyin high can come in many forms and flavours.
Overall: Well i've definitely tasted better from these guys (see Double
Bubblegum) but as usual the high was astronomical! The boys at the GA sure know
how much we like to get baked; beyond!!! Hey Jens thanks a lot for sending the
sample; you musta been flying too!


Domina Haze
-----------
Origin: 2x Indica and 1x Sativa
Look: A darker "forest" green. Narrow "S" shaped "vines" of tiny flowers. Long
and reaching buds. Long brown-orange hairs.
Smell: Extemely sweet, minty with a hint of chemical.
Taste: Sweet; a bit of black licorice/anisette. Similar to a Purple Skunk with
more sweet in place of the spice.
Effects: Not overpowering; subtle and nice. The feeling of a numbing buzz felt
behind the face; upper teeth felt desensitized while my eyes kinda floated
around. Another 'Outter Eye' high!
Overall: Because the effect is not so overpowering it's difficult to tell if
this weed gets you sleepy or not. I waked & baked it and achieved a floating
head effect. Mild distortions of perception/colours in my peripheral vision
were an added bonus. This one's VERY special. Completely unique in scent,
flavour, and effect! Seek it out ASAP before it's gone. I hope this strain
sticks around...



Essential Flower
----------------
Origin: Indica-Sativa Hybrid
Look: Extremely Powdery, small, dense leaves. Light green.
Smell: Light musty smell, until broken; then a burst of citrus and spice.
Taste: Spicy flavour would seem to accompany a pale ale well.
Effects: It creeps up, but lasts long though! A bit of a "heady" high.
Overall: Lovely light and smooth taste; not harsh considering its resinous
crystals. To be entered in the 2000 Cannabis


Viking
------
Origin: It's obviously an afgan hybrid, but more research is needed...
Look: EXTREMELY well cured. Fan leaves removed to expose very fuzzy hairs with
powder coatings. The hairs look charged with electricity.
Smell: A flower bouquet, heavy on the perfume scent associated with hash weeds.
Taste: This spul makes your mouth water! It is like a super sour candy that
makes you drool, but you still don't spit it out!
Effects: I Vripped vapourised this one, and enjoyed it in every way. It came
on like a wave; very similar to shrooms, as you are peaking, without the side
fx. (besides the munchies)
Overall: Viking (t)rips! Large sacks, lovely high, great deal!


Grizzly
-------
Origin: Afghan-Sativa Hybrid
Look: This beauty is made up of clustered nuggets with a heavy covering of
yellowish-white crystals.
Smell: Minty-chemical. As I broke it up for vapourisation, a sweet fruity
smell arose. Taste: Because of the fruity yet dry flavour, I smoked it and
washed it down with a light strawberry-vanilla ice cream.
Effects: I was told to put this in the freezer overnight to increase the
potency. (See B.D.T.S.) I put it next to the ice cream. When I smoked it, I got
very stoned, VERY fast! I am not sure if this was freezing or just good herb.
Overall: I am happy to say that Grizzly and the Bushdoc are great friends.
This bud is similar to Snowflake, with bigger nuggets, and a fresher taste.
Snowflake, Grizzly...what's with this mountain motif


7 Seconds
---------
Origin: Afghan-Indica Hybrid
Look: Large well manicured buds. Crystals are in such great condition that
they seem to create an "icing" over the surface!
Smell: This stuff has got that typical chemical scent assoicated with afghan.
Very sharp and pungent. Your lungs start to quiver in anticipation as soon as
you catch a whiff...
Taste: Very sweet, yet pine flavoured. The chemical taste leaves a slightly
tingly sensation in the back of the throat. For a wicked sensation eat a fizzy
candy right after you take a huge drag of this gear!
Effects: The high was as advertised: 7 seconds and baked as.... Fortunately,
it lasted for at least 45 minutes strong! The quick hitting high is like a
blast off; further enhanced by a long bong hit!
Overall: This is very similar to the Grizzly; just maniCURED a little bit
better. Well worth it! I hope it lasts until the summer time, but I doubt it...


Winter Koning
-------------
Origin: Mainly sativa strain cultivated in Switzerland during the winter
seasons in greenhouses.
Look: Light brownish-green. Medium thick "finger" leaves packed tight around
the stalk. Light dusting of crystals coating the inner areas. Concentrated
amount of orange brown coli (hairs). Wicked sensemilla (seedless),
painstakingly manicured to Swiss perfection.
Smell: Very hard to explain this one: Almost like an old fashion butter candy
that fell in the dirt around some wild flowers! A sweet yet spicy, earthy
sativa aroma. Much like the Purple Skunks.
Taste: This one tasted a bit spicy and minty at the same time. A slightly
tickling sensation formed in the back of my throat. I smoked my first bit in a
half joint, and this was quite rich and tasty.
Effects: A very cerebral uplifiting high. This is no shit, your eyes
immediately open up a little and you seem to draw on an inner source left
unscathed by the Afghans and Indicas. I felt a heightened state of stonedness
even after sampling much stronger (dopier) weeds not less than 30 minutes
prior!
Overall: I really enjoyed this one. It was brought to my attention by a viewer
as a great yet inexpensive high. Spot on! You can buy enough of this to save a
little for a few warmer sessions. Lay back and fire up a spliff in Vondel Park,
then go for a leisurely bike ride.... I can't wait to smoke the Winter King
this summer



Somango
-------
Origin: Skunk hybrid crossed with Jack Herer hybrid. Soma seed.
Look: A very dense, rock-like yet still elongated bud shape. Super coating of
micro-crystals which combine to form a "dusting" that resembles a fine grained
flour. The weed is light green with orange hairs that are "iced" white. These
frosted cones look like they should be in a sugar cereal for adults!!!! Just
throw these nuggets in a bowl pour an ice cold Corona over them and start
enjoying a beer & bud breakfast! Smell: Upon opening you are met more with
spice than fruit. Smells a lil' like my ol' man's fine Colombian Gold from the
70's. Upon the break it gives off a rush of fruity sweet citrus.... delish!
Taste: Popped a stem in my mouth first; fresh & green, the flav remains the
same and seems to last longer than any candy i've ever sampled. The "mango" is
represented lightly but there is still that light pepper-spice sneakin' in
there too. A fine palate's rejoice...
Effects: Boo-yaaa! The high is direct and clear as it hits almost immediately.
I felt a slight tingle under my dome. It had me risin' and peakin' like a
stimulant of some sort. Visuals were soft with sunlight influenced illusions. I
love this type of high. I can still write my usual shite. I can be pleasantly
buzzed without feeling a major crash afterwards!
Overall: Wow. Straight Philosopher Bud. I am gonna save some of this up for
the coming summer. It's perfect for kickin' it in the sun, light-reading,
shit-talkin, and pondering whazzup in this crazy world! Glad to see this fine
Soma strain available commercially this season!



Kali Mist
---------
Origin: Mainly sativa.
Look: Very light in colour and density. Little twisting clusters of perfectly
manicured, crystal covered buds. 'Reaching out' toward the sky.
Smell: Fresh and lightly orange-spice scented. I really began to crave a huge
bowl-full to further delight the senses.
Taste: If you've ever had a McDonald's orange drink that had a little too much
syrup, that's what you get here! A light orangey, minty coating covers the
throat.
Effects: Nice shutter buggin' high. My eyes open and shut like camera
shutters. I was flying high for over 3 hours and I loved every crisp detailed
moment of it. The comedown is soft,
gradual and generally unnoticeable.
Overall: This high is lovely. Extremely visual and "floaty" makes you a bit
giggly. Nice session to be had for beginners and pros alike. Kali Mist
shouldn't be missed.....


